hey whats up guys fast jacket here
welcome back to another minecraft pawn
condition multiplayer adventures and
once again coming at you guys with part
two of Minecraft Pocket Edition hunger
games with three moves 101 once again so
why don't you introduce yourself again
alright so we'll just count down like
last time and we'll begin all right so
you ready okay three two one remember
you can only go through three chests oh
I got a good one sweet and you can't you
can't start killing until you we get
inside
2 2015 aw crap i was gonna get that
and once again you were only allowed to
break TNT all right can't going going in
man I'm going in oh crap dude get out of
here oh my god
two
you got nothing son
you just maybe Oh God yeah let's go dude
him five strike your sunny kick Evvy did
I just kill you what I cheat no I did I
cheat oh my god of such a beast oh my
gosh what are you talking about look all
your crap oh my gosh that was awesome
yeah yeah I'm not even gonna lie what he
cheated